ECN counts are per-path, not per connection (#228)
quicwg/multipath: draft-ietf-quic-multipath.md

used to acknowledge packets that were sent on different paths using
multiple packet number spaces. If the frame type is TBD-01, ACK_MP frames
also contain the sum of QUIC packets with associated ECN marks received

> on the acknowledged path up to this point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the acknowledged packet number space up to this point.
```

"acknowledged path" can be confusing, as it might imply all the packet number spaces  (i.e., that of Initial, Handshake and the first application space) that share the original path. It'd be less confusing to repeat the phrasing of QUIC v1, stating that ECN counters are per-packet number space.
